# Approach:
- Case study: Define design questions and problems based on production system, usage, etc.
  - Use the centrifuge as a case study for open hardware products.
  - An example of a question is: why there are machines with 24 slots if daily use only involves 6 samples
  (For )
  - Includes checking patent infringement
  - Study current open hardware solution



- Define target specs:
  - Based on understanding


#Doing:10 Open an issue about accquiring a disposed or not used centrifuge
- There might disposed usable equipment that we can use for the project.

#TODO:40 ## Design test cases
 - Design test cases for the DIY centrifuge we are going to buy (Polyfuge) to test its capacity to:
  > Separate microorganisms from media (from the canal water, for example)


#TODO:30 ## Set target Specs/Hypotheses
 ### [Document with requirements](../../R&D/Specs-Req.md)
 - Specify what is the maximun number of samples slots needed in a normal day in a wet lab.
 - Design for the lowest torque design such that is able to spin at the required speed. For the low volume centrifuge.
 - It does not make sense to build one big machine to be used for both types of volumes.
 > The specs for high volumes are such that the motor holds high torques values, high weight, and high endurance, i.e. long times spinning at constant speed (max 4000 rpm). The mechanism for spinning is more expensive and demanding technically.

 > The specs for low volumes are motors able to spin at high speed (max 13 000 rpm), for low weight, and low torque.
