#TODO: ## Buy a polyfuge kit design
- [Buy to test in the context of daily use in wetlab](https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1733191226/polyfuge-a-diy-open-source-microcentrifuge-for-eve)



# Design brief for wet lab centrifuges design

## Describe the product's vision
- Open Source centrifuge that improves the commonalization of components.
-

## User group
Describe the group of users that will use the product. Market segment to which we are going.
## Needs
- Access to equipment that is competitive, commercial grade(is a product not a design, that meet the standards) also open and easy to improve by anyone...
(An open hardware product)
- We need to centrifuge different volumes
  - up to 1.5ml
  - up to 50 ml

### Audience/ Users

### Jobs (Requirements)
- Needs to be compliant with [wet lab requirements](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wet_lab)

### Pains
- There are already a lot of open hardware projects for centrifuges and users don't know which to use, where to find it.
- The sources and quality of documentation is diverse
- The volume for centrifuges targeted currently in the solutions is for small volumes(until 1.5 ml)
- Not all users want to do a fully DIY centrifuge.
- available solutions are not yet scalable for even low volume production (ideally mid- high volume )
- There is no available open hardware solution for 50 ml
- Active patents don't allow to replicate /reuse those designs patented

### Gain creators:
- Centrifuge high volumes until 50 ml
- Centrifuge can be acquired as a
- Equipment can be acquired completely assembled and in mid to high volumes
- The centrifuge shares components and solutions with other equipment that uses similar components (electronics, etc.)

## Product (ProductBacklog)
What are the needs of the user group?
-


## Business Objectives
What goals do we have with the business?
What benefits do we look for within the organization?

## Competitors
What are the variants or alternatives to this product

## Sources of income
How can we monetize and generate revenue?
What do you need to capture, enter those sources?

## Cost factors
What are the costs for?





# References:
- [What is Local Production](https://www.igi-global.com/dictionary/local-production/17360)
1. The strategy with sensitivity to place and scale in order to sustain local communities and provide new job opportunities while preserving the quality of the environment. Learn more in: Slow Fashion and Sustainability: The Luxury Impact
2. This involves the manufacture of ICT software and hardware within the country. Learn more in: ICT Policies in Africa
Find more terms and definitions using our Dictionary Search.

[Local production system:](https://www.igi-global.com/chapter/how-do-entrepreneurial-ecosystems-influence-growth-and-development/141416)
Is a territorially concentration of economic, political and social agents, performing related economic activities and presenting consistent articulation, interaction, co-operation and learning processes. It includes the stakeholders of private, public and profit sector.
